http://www.w3.org/2000/svg is an XML namespace, first defined in the Scalable Vector Graphics
(SVG) 1.0 Specification and subsequently added to by SVG 1.1, SVG 1.2 and SVG 2. The SVG
namespace is mutable; names may be added over time by the W3C SVG Working Group by
publication in W3C Technical Reports.

The latest version of the SVG specification can be found http://www.w3.org/TRISVG.

For more information about SVG, please refer to the W3C SVG overview. For more information
about XML, please refer to The Extensible Markup Language (XML) 1.0 specification. For more
information about XML namespaces, please refer to the Namespaces in XML specification.
Webmaster

Last modified: $Date: 2016/03/18 23:37:07 $

http://www.w3.org/2000/svg is an XML namespace, first defined in the Scalable Vector Graphics
(SVG) 1.0 Specification and subsequently added to by SVG 1.1, SVG 1.2 and SVG 2. The SVG
namespace is mutable; names may be added over time by the W3C SVG Working Group by
publication in W3C Technical Reports.

The latest version of the SVG specification can be found http://www.w3.org/TRISVG.

For more information about SVG, please refer to the W3C SVG overview. For more information
about XML, please refer to The Extensible Markup Language (XML) 1.0 specification. For more
information about XML namespaces, please refer to the Namespaces in XML specification.
Webmaster

Last modified: $Date: 2016/03/18 23:37:07 $

http://www.w3.org/2000/svg is an XML namespace, first defined in the Scalable Vector Graphics
(SVG) 1.0 Specification and subsequently added to by SVG 1.1, SVG 1.2 and SVG 2. The SVG
namespace is mutable; names may be added over time by the W3C SVG Working Group by
publication in W3C Technical Reports.

The latest version of the SVG specification can be found http://www.w3.org/TRISVG.

For more information about SVG, please refer to the W3C SVG overview. For more information
about XML, please refer to The Extensible Markup Language (XML) 1.0 specification. For more
information about XML namespaces, please refer to the Namespaces in XML specification.
Webmaster

Last modified: $Date: 2016/03/18 23:37:07 $

http://www.w3.org/2000/svg is an XML namespace, first defined in the Scalable Vector Graphics
(SVG) 1.0 Specification and subsequently added to by SVG 1.1, SVG 1.2 and SVG 2. The SVG
namespace is mutable; names may be added over time by the W3C SVG Working Group by
publication in W3C Technical Reports.

The latest version of the SVG specification can be found http://www.w3.org/TRISVG.

For more information about SVG, please refer to the W3C SVG overview. For more information
about XML, please refer to The Extensible Markup Language (XML) 1.0 specification. For more
information about XML namespaces, please refer to the Namespaces in XML specification.
Webmaster

Last modified: $Date: 2016/03/18 23:37:07 $
